add/update component a11y docs (#2893)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/v4/src/content/accessibility/tabs/tabs.md

---
id: Tabs
section: components
---

**Tabs** allow users to navigate between views within the same page or context.

**Keyboard users** should be able to use **Tab** and **Shift + Tab** navigate to and between tabs.

> Keyboard users should also be able to select tab using **Enter** and **Space**. Disabled tabs cannot receive
> browser focus. Whenever a disabled tab needs to be able to receive browser focus, such as in the case of
> disabled tabs with a tooltip, set `aria-disabled` to true.

Reviewer: Minor suggested tweaks here.

```suggestion
Keyboard users should also be able to select a tab using **Enter** and **Space**. Disabled tabs cannot receive
browser focus by default. Whenever a disabled tab needs to be able to receive browser focus, such as in the case of
disabled tabs with a tooltip, use the `isAriaDisabled` prop instead of `isDisabled`.
```
